Name
- Please write down your name. (Last, First)
- LEE CHANHYUNG

Country
- Please input the name of country you currently live in.
- Republic of Korea

Applicant ID
- Please write down your Applicant ID.
- ex) LY00012345（LY+8 numbers）
- LY00023566

University/Colledge
- Please input the name of university/colledge where you are commuting now. In case you've already graduated please input as "already graduated".

Major Field of Study
- Please input your major field of study.
- Political Science and International Relations

Expected Graduation Year
- Please input your (expected) graduation year/month from university/colledge.(YYYY/MM/DD)
- 2022/02/16

Language Ability (Japanese)
- Please tell us about your Japanese language level.
- Advanced / Intermediate / Beginner

Language Ability (English)
- Please tell us about your English language level.
- Advanced / Intermediate / Beginner

Interests in Technical Domain (First / Second Choice)
- Select the technical domain in which you are interested as first choice.
- Server-side / Front-end / Client(iOS) / Client(Android)

Programming Languages (Experience)
- Please check all of the languages you have experience using (multiple choices permitted).
- C C++ Java Objective-C Swift Javascript PHP Ruby Python Node.JS Go Scala Groovy R Typescript Rust J Haskell OCaml Smalltalk Lisp closure julia erlang F# Lua Kotlin

Frameworks (Experience)
- Please check all of the frameworks you have experience using
- Spring Netty Akka ACE ASIO cocos2d-x Unity Unreal iOS Android Hadoop No experience

Databases (Experience)
- Please check all of the databases you have experience using
- SQLite MySQL PosgreSQL Oracle Redis Riak Hbase Cassandra Couchbase Neo4j VoltDB Elasticsearch MongoDB Tokyo/Kyoto Series No experience

Work Experience (Optional)
- Please tell us about your work experience, including part-time jobs and internships.  
- Please provide (1) the name of the company, (2) the period of participation, (3) the frequency of attendance (days per week, full-time, etc.), (4) the nature of the work, your role, development language, and technology used, provided that this does not violate confidentiality obligations.

Other Development Experience or Achievements (Optional)
- Please tell us about any other experience you have had in personal development, winning awards at development events or contests, committing to OSS, speaking at technical conferences or study groups, or writing blogs, books, or other technical publications.

URL (Optional)
- Please share your GitHub repository, blog, or other resources where we can confirm your undertakings and achievements (multiple links permitted).

Reason for Applying
- Please tell us the reasons why you would like to work at LY Corporation.

Full-time Employment Background
- Have you ever been employed by a company as a full-time employee?

Employment Start Date
- Do you agree to join in either 2025/4 or 2025/10?

## 1. side trip
### Overview

 Memory Limit(MB): 512, Execution Timeout(ms): 6000

One day in the year 3019, a high school student named Moreno is going to school as usual.  
The town he lives in can be represented as a straight line stretching from east to west.  
Moreno's house is at coordinate 0, and his school is at S.  
There are N stores and M teleport stations between the house and the school.  
Counting from the westernmost point, the i th (1≤i≤N) store is at coordinate ai​, and the j th (1≤j≤M) teleport station is at bj​.  
He can move between any two teleport stations in zero seconds.  
When he walks, it takes one second to walk one coordinate.

Moreno is leaving home at time 00, measured in seconds.  
(Note that the unit of time is always 'seconds' in this problem.)  
He has to get to school no later than the time T.  
If he gets to school at time T+1 or later, it will be treated as being late for school, and he will be kicked out of school.  
However, he really likes taking side trips, so he wants to shop at as many stores as possible on the way to school.  
He can only shop at a store if he is at the same coordinate as the store.  
It takes one second to shop at each store.

Calculate the maximum number of stores P that Moreno can shop at without being late for school.  
Also calculate the minimum time Q it will take for Moreno to get to school when he shops at P stores along the way.

### Implementation

#### CLI
Implement a command line application that receives standard input and writes the answer to its standard output.  
For details, see the "Command line application template" section at the bottom of the page.

#### Input Rules
Your CLI program should receive standard input.
The format of the standard input is as below:

```math
N M S T
a1 a2 ⋯ aN​
b1 b2​ ⋯ bM​
```

Restrictions:

- 1≤N≤2000, Integer
- 2≤M≤2000, Integer
- 1≤S≤10^9, Integer
- 1≤T≤10^9, Integer
- 1≤a1​<a2​<a3​<⋯<aN​<S, Integer
- 1≤b1​<b2​<b3​<⋯<bM​<S, Integer
- b1​<a1​ and aN​<bM​
- The maximum number of buildings (houses, schools, stores, teleport stations) on the same coordinate is 11.
- No inputs in which Moreno will be late for school no matter which way he moves are given.

The following additional conditions are satisfied for 33% of all test cases.

- S≤10^8
- T=10^9

The following additional conditions are satisfied for 17% of all test cases.

- M=N+1
- b[i]<a[i]<b[i+1] (1≤i≤N)

The following additional conditions are satisfied for 17% of all test cases.

- N=1
- M=2

Note that the restrictions in these three groups of test cases are independent of each other.  
For example, test cases that follow M=N+1 don't necessarily follow S≤10^8 or T=10^9, but they might.

#### Output Rules
Your CLI program should write the answer to its standard output.  
The format of the standard output is as below:

```plain
P Q
```

- P: The maximum number of stores Moreno can shop at without being late for school.
- Q: The minimum time for Moreno to get to school when he shops at P stores along the way.

### Input & Output samples

#### Sample 1
Sample Input 1 (`00_sample1.in`)

```plain
3 3 20 16
3 6 11
2 7 15
```

Sample Output 1

```plain
2 13
```

The best series of movements is as follows.

- Walk to the first store, shop there, then walk back to the first teleport station. (time: 5)
- Teleport to the second teleport station. (time: 5)
- Walk to the second store, shop there, then walk back to the second teleport station. (time: 8)
- Teleport to the third teleport station. (time: 8)
- Walk to the school. (time: 13)

If he shops at the third store, neither of the other two stores can be visited.

#### Sample 2

Sample Input 2 (`00_sample2.in`)

```plain
2 2 10 14
4 6
2 8
```

Sample Output 2

```plain
2 12
```

It is optimal for him to walk straight to the school, shopping at all of the stores as he passes by.

#### Sample 3

Sample Input 3 (`00_sample3.in`)

```plain
7 2 10 2
2 3 4 5 6 7 8
1 9
```

Sample Output 3

```plain
0 2
```

There are many stores, but unfortunately he has no time to shop.

There are other input & output samples defined in this file: [test/basic_testcases.json](https://app.tracks.run/editor/test/basic_testcases.json)  
You can use it as a reference while working on this exercise.

### Command line application template for Node.js

Implement CLI application by editing [main.js](https://app.tracks.run/editor/main.js).  
You may add new files to keep your code clean, if it is allowed in your challenge.

### How to get stdin lines

You can get stdin lines as `lines` in [main.js](https://app.tracks.run/editor/main.js) where the `main` method is defined.

```js
function main(lines) {
  // code to run
}
```

This `lines` is array of string.  
It is read by `runWithStdin()` function.  
You can modify that function by yourself if you want.

### How to output result

Use the standard `console.log` method to output results to `stdout`.

```js
console.log(result);
```

### Install External Libraries

If you want to use external libraries, do the following:

- Write the library name and version in [package.json](https://app.tracks.run/editor/package.json)
- Example:
    
```
"dependencies": {
  "lodash": "4.17.15",
  "underscore.string": "3.3.5"
}
```
    
- If an error occurs when installing a library please try changing or not specifying a library version.

### Test cases

```
#1
#### Input:
3 3 20 16
3 6 11
2 7 15
#### Expected Output:
2 13

#2
#### Input:
2 2 10 14
4 6
2 8
#### Expected Output:
2 12

#3
#### Input:
7 2 10 2
2 3 4 5 6 7 8
1 9
#### Expected Output:
0 2

#4
#### Input:
1 2 10 7
3
2 8
#### Expected Output:
1 7

#5
#### Input:
1 2 100 90
35
13 68
#### Expected Output:
1 90

#6
#### Input:
1 2 100 111
50
20 80
#### Expected Output:
1 101

#7
#### Input:
1 2 1000000000 1000000000
500000000
100000000 700000000
#### Expected Output:
1 800000001

#8
#### Input:
1 2 987654321 1000000000
633494827
222555831 930964492
#### Expected Output:
1 874184991

#9
#### Input:
3 4 100 73
34 50 71
20 40 60 80
#### Expected Output:
2 72

#10
#### Input:
10 11 1000000000 300000000
78124770 131986119 222133562 258847845 418302780 456090665 608180868 700026799 777969865 846618335
70097336 89148789 140640155 236216604 353903404 454549065 505024085 658303562 720680982 843478113 910084224
#### Expected Output:
6 272214152
```

### Code

```js
const input = lines.map((v) => v.split(" ").map((v) => Number(v)));
  const [n, m, s, t] = input[0];
  const stores = input[1];
  const teleports = input[2];
  const original = new Array(t + 1).fill(0);
  let time = 0;

  for (const teleport of teleports) {
    original[teleport] = -1;
  }
  for (const store of stores) {
    original[store] = - 2;
  }
  function bfs(start, map) {
    const visited = new Array(t + 1).fill(0);
    const q = [start];
    let i = 0;

    while (q.length !== i) {
      const top = q[i];

       if (map[top] === -1) {
        for (let j = 0; j < stores.length; j++) {
         visited[stores[j]] = visited[map[top]];
         q.push(stores[j]);
        }
       }
       if (map[top] === 0) {
        if (top - 1 > 0) {
          map[top - 1] = map[top] + 1;
        }
        if (top + 1 <= t) {
          map[top + 1] = map[top] + 1;
        }
       }
       i++;
    }

  }
  bfs(0, original);
```

## 2. Build a mobile phone charge calculation system

 Memory Limit(MB): 512, Execution Timeout(ms): 5000
### Overview

You have been tasked with developing a mobile phone billing calculation system for individual customer contracts. This system should have the functionality to calculate monthly charges for each contract at the end of the month based on information such as contract execution and cancellation dates, voice call time, and data traffic.

Each contract has a unique **contract number**, and unless a cancellation occurs, charges related to that contract continue to accrue. The system records **data traffic** and **voice call time** for each contract, and at the end of the month, it calculates the respective monthly mobile phone charges for all existing contracts based on the information on data traffic and voice call time.  
When entering into a contract, a new mobile device may be purchased, and the device cost is either paid in full as part of the first monthly mobile phone charges or paid in installments included in the monthly mobile phone charges until the device is paid off.  
Contracts can be canceled, and if cancellation occurs, the system calculates the mobile phone charges for that contract from the beginning of the month up to the cancellation date. Additionally, if there are remaining installment payments for the device cost, the remaining device cost must be paid in full upon cancellation.

Contract execution and cancellation dates, voice call records, and calculation of monthly mobile phone charges at the end of the month are provided as queries.  
Queries are provided in chronological order, and when queries for monthly mobile phone charge calculations and cancellation are given, the program outputs the total monthly mobile phone charge.

Note that the detailed specifications and specific input/output methods have not yet been provided in the above description. Please refer to the "Detailed Specifications" below to implement a program that outputs the correct total monthly mobile phone charge for each contract based on information about device costs, data traffic, and voice call time.

### Scoring

Secret tests have been prepared to verify that each query has been implemented correctly. Therefore, even if a perfect score is achieved in the public test cases, there is a possibility that the final result may not be a perfect score. For this reason, it is recommended to check the program for mistakes even if a perfect score is obtained in the public test cases. Additionally, it is advisable to implement as many queries as possible, even if it's not possible to implement everything.

### Detailed Specifications

#### Date and Time

- A string representing a **date** formed by concatenating the year, month, and day with `/` as `YYYY/MM/DD`, and a string representing a **time** formed by concatenating hours, minutes, and seconds with `:` as `hh:mm:ss`, are collectively referred to as a **datetime**, which is formed by combining the two along with a `-` as `YYYY/MM/DD-hh:mm:ss`.
    - The `hh:mm:ss` format is given in a 24-hour notation ranging from `00:00:00` to `23:59:59` (both inclusive).
    - However, in the case where the datetime is used in a monthly mobile phone charge calculation query, the notation `24:00:00` is allowed.
    - The datetime provided as input is guaranteed to be within the range from `2000/01/01-00:00:00` to `2099/12/31-24:00:00` (both inclusive).
    - The provided datetime follows the Gregorian calendar.
    - Leap seconds are not considered.

#### Contract

- Each executed contract is assigned a **contract number**.
    - The contract number is an integer ranging from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive).
    - The same contract number is never given to different contracts.
- A new mobile device may be purchased at the time of contracting.
    - If a purchase is made, the device cost is paid either in full or in installments.
    - In the case of a lump-sum payment, the device cost is added to the total monthly mobile phone charge at the end of the month the contract is executed.
        - However, if the aforementioned **cancellation** occurs in the month the contract is executed, the device cost is paid at the time of cancellation, not at the end of the month.
    - There are no additional charges, such as fees, for installment payments. The installment charge for the device is added to the total monthly mobile phone charge until the device is fully paid off.
    - If no purchase is made, there is no device cost.
- For existing contracts, there is a possibility of **cancellation** occurring, as described below.
- All of the charges for each contracted mobile phone are paid at the end of the month or at the time of cancellation.
    - The total monthly mobile phone charge is calculated as the total of the device cost (either total device cost or monthly installment charge), data traffic charge, and voice call time charge.

#### Contract Cancellation

- Cancel the contract with the specified contract number. Mobile phone charges related to that contract will not be incurred from the month of cancellation onward.
- The contract holder is required to pay the mobile phone charges for the canceled contract from the beginning of the cancellation month until the time of cancellation.
    - If there is an unpaid portion of the device cost remaining at the time of cancellation, the remaining device cost is paid in full at the time of cancellation.
- The contract number of a canceled contract will never be assigned to another new contract thereafter.

#### Data Traffic Amount

- Supplied for each contract when the system calculates mobile phone charges.
- The data traffic charge for each contract is calculated based on the **mobile plan** described later.

#### Voice Call Records

- The contract number is recorded by the system for the start and end date and time of each voice call.
- Each voice call is logged separately, and the voice call time cost for each contract is calculated based on the total voice call time for that month and the **mobile plan** described later.
- There are cases where the start and end dates and times of a voice call span across two or more days.
- When a contract is canceled, there will be no outstanding voice calls that have not been completed.

#### Mobile Plan

- In this system, charges for data traffic and voice call time are calculated based on the following mobile plans:
    - Data Traffic
        - Less than 3 GB: 1000 yen
        - 3 GB or more and less than 20 GB: 2500 yen
        - 20 GB or more and less than 50 GB: 5000 yen
        - 50 GB or more: 7000 yen
    - Voice Call Time
        - Free if the total voice call time for the month is 5 minutes or less.
        - If the total voice call time for the month exceeds 5 minutes, 50 yen per minute for each minute beyond the initial 5 minutes (rounded up for fractions of a minute).
            - For example, if the total voice call time for the month is 7 minutes and 30 seconds, the charge is calculated for the time period of 2 minutes and 30 seconds. This 2 minutes and 30 seconds is equivalent to 2.5 minutes, and rounding up the fraction results in 3 minutes, making the charge for the voice call 150 yen.

#### Monthly Mobile Phone Charge Calculation

- In this system, monthly charges are calculated for all existing contracts at the end of each month.
- The total monthly mobile phone charge is calculated based on the data traffic and voice call time for that month, along with the device cost (either total device cost or monthly installment charge).
    - If a voice call has not been finished by the time the monthly charge calculation query is given, the duration for that call up until `24:00:00` is to be reflected in the total voice call time for that month’s charges.

### Input / Output Format

- The input provided to the program is done through standard input.
    - The newline code is `\n` (Line Feed). A newline code is also appended to the end of the last line.
    - Strings input on each line are separated by a single half-width space .
- The input follows the format below:

```
n
q1​
q2​
⋮
qn​
```
    
- The number of queries, denoted as n, is provided on the first line. n is an integer in the range from 1 to 100,000 (both inclusive).
- Subsequently, for each of the n queries, query information qi​ is provided on a separate line.
- While it is guaranteed that the queries will be provided in chronological order, there might be instances where there are simultaneous queries.
    - If simultaneous queries requiring output are given, process them in the order they are given.
- The detailed format for each query and the corresponding output are outlined below.

### Contract Execution Query

- Input
- 
    ```plain
    Contract {Datetime} {Contract Number} {Device Cost} {Installment Count}
    ```
    
    - `Contract`: String `Contract`
    - `{Datetime}`: Provided in datetime format, representing the date and time the query was sent.
    - `{Contract Number}`: Provided in contract number format, uniquely identifying each contract. It is guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive), and no contracts with the same number exist.
    - `{Device Cost}`: Cost of the newly purchased device. Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 0 to 100,000 (both inclusive). If no device is purchased at the time of contracting, 0 is given.
    - `{Installment Count}`: Number of installments for the device cost payment. Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 0 to 20 (both inclusive). If no device is purchased at the time of contracting, 0 is given, and if the payment is made in a lump sum, 1 is provided. If the installment count is not 0, it is guaranteed that the device cost will be evenly divisible by the installment count.
- Output  
    Check the following conditions in order, and execute the corresponding process for the first condition that applies.
    
    - If no new device is purchased, output the following:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} status: no terminal charge.
        ```
        
    - If the device is purchased with a lump-sum payment, output the following:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} status: lump-sum.
        ```
        
    - If the device is purchased with installment payments, output the following:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} status: hire-purchase.
        ```
        

### Contract Cancellation Query

- Input
    
    ```plain
    Cancel {Datetime} {Contract Number} {Data Traffic}
    ```
    
    - `Cancel`: String `Cancel`
    - `{Datetime}`: Provided in datetime format, representing the date and time the query was sent.
    - `{Contract Number}`: Provided in contract number format.
        - Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive).
    - `{Data Traffic}`: Data traffic for the contract being canceled, measured in GB.
        - Guaranteed to be a decimal in the range from 0 to 200 (inclusive of 0 and exclusive of 200).
        - Data traffic is provided up to two decimal places.
- Output  
    Check the following conditions in order, and execute the corresponding process for the first condition that applies.
    
    - If the provided contract number does not exist, output an error in the following format and do not cancel the contract:
        
        ```plain
        Error: {Contract Number} doesn't exist.
        ```
        
    - If the provided contract number exists, output the total mobile phone charge from the beginning of the cancellation month until the time of cancellation for that contract in the following format, and remove the contract information from the system:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} has been canceled. Charges: {Mobile Phone Charges} yen.
        ```
        
        - The unit for mobile phone charges is yen.

### Voice Call Start Query

- Input
    
    ```plain
    Start {Datetime} {Contract Number}
    ```
    
    - `Start`: String `Start`
    - `{Datetime}`: Provided in datetime format, representing the date and time the query was sent.
    - `{Contract Number}`: Provided in contract number format.
        - Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive).
- Output  
    Check the following conditions in order, and execute the corresponding process for the first condition that applies.
    
    - If the provided contract number does not exist, output an error in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        Error: {Contract Number} doesn't exist.
        ```
        
    - If the provided contract number exists but a voice call has already been started for it and has not finished, output an error in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        Error: {Contract Number} has already started a voice call.
        ```
        
    - Otherwise, output that the voice call started at the datetime the query was sent, in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} has started a voice call at {Datetime}.
        ```
        

### Voice Call Finish Query

- Input
    
    ```plain
    Finish {Datetime} {Contract Number}
    ```
    
    - `Finish`: String `Finish`
    - `{Datetime}`: Provided in datetime format, representing the date and time the query was sent.
        - It is guaranteed that at least 1 second will have passed since the start of the voice call.
    - `{Contract Number}`: Provided in contract number format.
        - Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive).
- Output  
    Check the following conditions in order, and execute the corresponding process for the first condition that applies.
    
    - If the provided contract number does not exist, output an error in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        Error: {Contract Number} doesn't exist.
        ```
        
    - If the provided contract number exists but a voice call has not been started for it, output an error in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        Error: {Contract Number} hasn't started a voice call.
        ```
        
    - Otherwise, output that the voice call finished at the datetime the query was sent and the duration of the voice call from start to finish in the following format:
        
        ```plain
        {Contract Number} has finished a voice call at {Datetime}. Voice call time: {Voice Call Time}.
        ```
        
        - The unit for the voice call time is seconds.

### Monthly Mobile Phone Charge Calculation Query

- Input
    
    ```plain
    Calculate {Datetime} {Contract Number} {Data Traffic}
    ```
    
    - `Calculate`: String `Calculate`
    - `{Datetime}`: Provided in datetime format, representing the date and time the query was sent.
        - It is guaranteed that this query will be given on the last day of the month, and the time will be `24:00:00`.
    - `{Contract Number}`: Provided in contract number format.
        - Guaranteed to be an integer in the range from 1 to 1,000,000 (both inclusive).
    - `{Data Traffic}`: Total data traffic for that month. The unit is GB.
        - Guaranteed to be a decimal number between 0 and 200 (inclusive of 0 and exclusive of 200).
        - Data traffic is provided up to two decimal places.
    - This query is guaranteed to be given for all existing contract numbers at the end of the month, and it is guaranteed not to be given for nonexistent contract numbers.
- Output  
    For the provided contract number, output the monthly data traffic, voice call time, and total mobile phone charge to be paid in the following format:
    
    ```plain
    Number: {Contract Number}. Voice call time: {Voice Call Time}. Data traffic: {Data Traffic}. Charges: {Monthly Mobile Phone Charge} yen.
    ```
    
    - The unit for voice call time is seconds, data traffic is in GB, and the total monthly mobile phone charge is in yen.

### Input / Output Samples

#### Sample 1

Standard Input (`00_sample_00.in`)

```plain
11
Contract 2023/01/05-10:13:24 1 1000 10
Contract 2023/01/05-11:18:24 2 0 0
Contract 2023/01/28-20:01:23 3 5000 1
Cancel 2023/01/29-14:16:02 2 1.37
Calculate 2023/01/31-24:00:00 1 27.52
Calculate 2023/01/31-24:00:00 3 3.00
Cancel 2023/02/02-16:42:32 4 5.82
Contract 2023/02/14-08:23:44 5 30000 3
Calculate 2023/02/28-24:00:00 1 42.43
Calculate 2023/02/28-24:00:00 3 0.00
Calculate 2023/02/28-24:00:00 5 5.16
```

Standard Output

```plain
1 status: hire-purchase.
2 status: no terminal charge.
3 status: lump-sum.
2 has been canceled. Charges: 1000 yen.
Number: 1. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 27.52. Charges: 5100 yen.
Number: 3. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 3.00. Charges: 7500 yen.
Error: 4 doesn't exist.
5 status: hire-purchase.
Number: 1. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 42.43. Charges: 5100 yen.
Number: 3. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 0.00. Charges: 1000 yen.
Number: 5. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 5.16. Charges: 12500 yen.
```

The processing of this test case proceeds in chronological order as follows:

- A contract with contract number `1`, with the device cost being paid in 10 installments, is executed.
- A contract with contract number `2` is executed without purchase of a device.
- A contract with contract number `3` is executed, with the device cost being paid in a lump sum.
- Contract number `2` is canceled. The data traffic is 1.37 GB, the voice call time is 00 seconds, and there are no device cost charges, so the total charge at the time of cancellation is 1,000 yen.
- At the end of January, the monthly mobile phone charges for contract number `1` are calculated. The data traffic is 27.52 GB, the voice call time is 00 seconds, and the installment charge for the device cost is 100 yen, resulting in a total charge of 5,100 yen.
- At the end of January, the monthly mobile phone charges for contract number `3` are calculated. The data traffic is 3.00 GB, the voice call time is 0 seconds, and the lump-sum payment for the device cost is 5000 yen, resulting in a total charge of 7,500 yen.
- An attempt is made to cancel the contract with contract number `4`, but this contract does not exist, so the attempt fails.
- A contract with contract number `5`, with the device cost being paid in 3 installments, is executed.
- At the end of February, the monthly mobile phone charges for contract number `1` are calculated. The data traffic is 42.43 GB, the voice call time is 0 seconds, and the installment charge for the device cost is 100 yen, resulting in a total charge of 5,100 yen.
- At the end of February, the monthly mobile phone charges for contract number `3` are calculated. The data traffic is 0.00 GB, the voice call time is 0 seconds, and there are no device cost charges, resulting in a total charge of 1,000 yen.
- At the end of February, the monthly mobile phone charges for contract number `5` are calculated. The data traffic is 5.16 GB, the voice call time is 0 seconds, and the installment charge for the device cost is 10000 yen, resulting in a total charge of 12,500 yen.

#### Sample 2

Standard Input (`00_sample_01.in`)

```plain
20
Contract 2081/08/14-12:07:43 8912 8000 2
Contract 2081/08/14-17:35:09 91438 34875 5
Contract 2081/08/15-03:43:32 1345 1989 1
Contract 2081/08/15-09:23:43 82937 0 0
Cancel 2081/08/15-09:38:04 8912 0.35
Start 2081/08/15-12:25:53 91438
Finish 2081/08/15-12:28:45 91438
Start 2081/08/15-14:15:31 1345
Start 2081/08/15-17:54:02 91438
Start 2081/08/15-17:54:32 1345
Finish 2081/08/15-20:24:53 91438
Finish 2081/08/15-22:41:20 1345
Start 2081/08/28-01:04:23 82937
Finish 2081/08/28-01:09:23 82937
Cancel 2081/08/30-09:11:48 82937 4.23
Calculate 2081/08/31-24:00:00 91438 89.23
Calculate 2081/08/31-24:00:00 1345 5.11
Cancel 2081/09/04-08:04:45 1345 0.34
Calculate 2081/09/30-24:00:00 91438 10.43
Cancel 2081/10/10-21:04:25 1345 8.13
```

Standard Output

```plain
8912 status: hire-purchase.
91438 status: hire-purchase.
1345 status: lump-sum.
82937 status: no terminal charge.
8912 has been canceled. Charges: 9000 yen.
91438 has started a voice call at 2081/08/15-12:25:53.
91438 has finished a voice call at 2081/08/15-12:28:45. Voice call time: 172.
1345 has started a voice call at 2081/08/15-14:15:31.
91438 has started a voice call at 2081/08/15-17:54:02.
Error: 1345 has already started a voice call.
91438 has finished a voice call at 2081/08/15-20:24:53. Voice call time: 9051.
1345 has finished a voice call at 2081/08/15-22:41:20. Voice call time: 30349.
82937 has started a voice call at 2081/08/28-01:04:23.
82937 has finished a voice call at 2081/08/28-01:09:23. Voice call time: 300.
82937 has been canceled. Charges: 2500 yen.
Number: 91438. Voice call time: 9223. Data traffic: 89.23. Charges: 21425 yen.
Number: 1345. Voice call time: 30349. Data traffic: 5.11. Charges: 29539 yen.
1345 has been canceled. Charges: 1000 yen.
Number: 91438. Voice call time: 0. Data traffic: 10.43. Charges: 9475 yen.
Error: 1345 doesn't exist.
```

Note that the expected I/O is defined in [test/basic_testcases.json](https://app.tracks.run/editor/test/basic_testcases.json). Please refer to this file for implementation.

---

### Command line application template for Node.js

Implement CLI application by editing [main.js](https://app.tracks.run/editor/main.js).  
You may add new files to keep your code clean, if it is allowed in your challenge.

#### How to get stdin lines

You can get stdin lines as `lines` in [main.js](https://app.tracks.run/editor/main.js) where the `main` method is defined.

```js
function main(lines) {
  // code to run
}
```

This `lines` is array of string.  
It is read by `runWithStdin()` function.  
You can modify that function by yourself if you want.

#### How to output result

Use the standard `console.log` method to output results to `stdout`.

```js
console.log(result);
```

#### Install External Libraries

If you want to use external libraries, do the following:

- Write the library name and version in [package.json](https://app.tracks.run/editor/package.json)
- Example:
    
    ```
    "dependencies": {
      "lodash": "4.17.15",
      "underscore.string": "3.3.5"
    }
    ```
    
- If an error occurs when installing a library please try changing or not specifying a library version.